VGP trainings: enable switching between long and short versions (#3347)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/assembly/tutorials/vgp_genome_assembly/tutorial.md

# HiFi phased assembly with hifiasm

> [{% icon exchange %} Switch to short version](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/assembly/tutorials/vgp_workflow_training/tutorial.html#hifi-phased-assembly-with-hifiasm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[{% icon exchange %} Switch to short version]({% link topics/assembly/tutorials/vgp_workflow_training/tutorial.md %}#hifi-phased-assembly-with-hifiasm)
```

Author: Danke! :D
